and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show i'm your host
sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and if you haven't yet
check out our weekly email where we
share actual marketing tips useful
podcasts free guides bonus resources and
much much more every monday to start
your week off with a bang you can sign
up over at business growth dot
email
and with that said my guest today is
justin rowe justin is the founder and
cmo over at impactable.com
linkedin ads agency
justin welcome to the show man how's it
going
hey it's going pretty well thanks for
having me on here no worries dude
looking forward to chatting we're gonna
be talking all things linkedin ads and
if they are really worth it for
businesses to get stuck in to invest and
start generating revenue so with that
said justin linkedin ads have a
notorious reputation for being way too
expensive compared to other ad channels
so
are they really worth it in 2022 and
beyond
yeah that's that's usually the
the the rep that they get and probably
one of the lines that i hear the most
and
they are i mean i i can't deny they are
expensive um and it really depends on
the way you look at it um for me i think
most people are comparing it to
facebook ads which right or to google
ads which is a really unfair comparison
um because facebook ads number one it's
a
it's a lot larger audience that you can
market to their algorithm is a little
bit more advanced so they they they sift
the data and find potential buyers um a
little more easily than um than linkedin
can but facebook is mostly or is more
geared towards the b2c whereas
linkedin is the largest professional
network uh that exists and it's geared
more towards b2b so i would argue that
the quality
of the traffic that you get from
linkedin is a higher quality and worth
the higher price per per click um
and the other thing that i would say
about that is
usually what we what we have is people
are like oh the cost per click is this
the the cost per lead is this and then i
start asking about the quality okay well
how many of those facebook leads turn
into booked calls that turn into and
then uh well you know we're we're
getting these leads and we're nurturing
them and we don't quite
but when we get a lead from from
linkedin
like they actually book calls at a
higher rate and those booked calls
actually close at a higher rate and they
actually spend more money with us
than the leads that you know we and a
lot of other b2b businesses we're
getting from facebook so i would say to
answer that question
don't look at the cost per click don't
look at the cost per lead linkedin will
lose on that i'll be the first to tell
you look at the show up rate
the the cost per actual booked call and
if you can track it the cost per you
know getting an actual client to close
the business and that takes a lot more
time and effort in tracking to pull that
off but in almost all the cases i've
seen
um that's that's a much better win uh
and going with linkedin for that traffic
yeah and that makes sense right i mean
there's there's no point investing a ton
of money so if you are looking at
facebook like you say you quite rightly
might get a ton more leads but you might
find that the quality of those leads is
much poorer it might be a cheaper cost
per click a cheaper cost per lead
acquisition but then perhaps those
clients convert into smaller deals or
they don't even convert into
to sales one deals in the end um whereas
linkedin like you say is perhaps a
higher cost per click because it's a
dedicated b2b business platform perhaps
that's why it's got the edge have you
ever seen
a b2c company do well on linkedin ads
out of curiosity
um it comes down to their price point
after that so
if
if the product you're selling is 20 30 i
mean it's it would be really terrible
for probably ecom now if it's a consumer
product that has a high value or a high
lifetime value of three four thousand or
if you're selling a high ticket you know
even coaching item that could be b2c
but um the price tag makes it worth it
that would be probably the best case for
b2c but if your product is
under two thousand dollars i would say
it is highly unlikely or be really hard
to carve out a profitable channel on
linkedin
yeah
and that one
no that makes sense i mean i guess
because the cost per click is going to
be x as a starting rate if your product
price is less than that it just doesn't
make sense on the back end to
kind of go in with that
well and i i would say for both of those
first two about linkedin being more
expensive or maybe it working for b2c
though the one thing i also push for
people is if nothing else like all of
that stigma is linked in cold traffic
if that's that's the most expensive
carving out linkedin cold traffic to
convert into retargeting but even if
even if that's not going to work for you
or if you want to start in a budget at
the very least you should be retargeting
your website traffic your qualified
website traffic with linkedin
retargeting ads because whether you're
running google or you have an ecom store
or you're you know running facebook ads
if that does work for you it's not like
can linkedin do better than that you
should also just think of it as can
linkedin enhance those other channels
i'm spending 50
for
a google click that said you know for
the traffic best linkedin ads agency
like and i do spend 30 40 50 for that
click i then would
run linkedin ads to retarget that
traffic for the next 90 days and have a
higher chance of that click converting
so it's also an enhancer and not just
you know a standalone channel
yeah and we'll get into that in a bit in
terms of some best practices and what
you should look to have in place before
you go into linkedin ads some hints and
tips around setting those up and like
you mentioned quite rightly retargeting
any existing traffic you can make some
good use of
are there any businesses that you found
are typically very very successful in
linkedin ads and are there any
businesses that perhaps
shouldn't consider it from your
experience
it um some of them some of the most
successful ones
it comes down to
and some of the initial questions i
might ask people is what other ad
channels are you running
and that's a that's a huge factor
because if people are looking
at linkedin i think the the fifth that's
the poorest quality for linkedin ads is
if you're not running any other paid
traffic to your website you don't have a
ton of quality organic traffic website
and you think linkedin would be a great
place to start your paid advertising
journey that's probably one of the more
painful ones um and it would take
i don't know it might take six months
depending on your budget um to carve out
a profitable channel if that is your
main source of cold traffic so i would
say
companies that have a healthy
traffic flow to their website preferably
other
other channels companies that have a
high lifetime value for a client i mean
probably our our best ones are you know
the ones that if it's 10 000 or above
lifetime value i mean they find it to be
a pretty easy win um
for
for linkedin
and probably the lowest fits are yeah if
they're not running any other traffic
they don't have like an established um
you know maybe they don't even know
exactly who their target audience is or
they don't quite have the product market
fit yet and so again they're they're
trying to carve this out and they're
also just trying to learn more about
their business that makes it even harder
for for them to learn but the companies
that have the other ad channels not only
do they have the quality traffic we can
retarget but they also tend to have more
data that we can leverage to hone in
faster
on on that target demographic that's
going to convert higher
yeah some some interesting points so
like you said perhaps linkedin ad
shouldn't be considered as one of the
first marketing strategies that a
business gets stuck into
i guess because if you look at and i'm
naturally going to say this because i
sell websites seo and google ads but if
you look at high intent channels so if
you needed i don't know help with the
software as a solution service fast
maybe you need some accounting software
for your business because your
accounting software is really old
doesn't work very well and it's perhaps
out of date you might literally type
into google accounting software or best
accounting software provider click a
google ad or click an organic listing go
to that company or go to a couple
companies request a demo and then go
with one of them um which is obviously
quite a high intent way of getting the
job done a lot of websites or a lot of
companies i guess look as to a first
port of call
so you're saying kind of put these
things into place
get the quick wins
with these with organic traffic with
google ads and such and then look to
look to enhance that with linkedin ads
whereby you might be targeting more
colder traffic
albeit perhaps retargeting from your
website or boy targeting a new persona
fresh on linkedin
but already have those things in play
before you consider linkedin
yeah and i will i will never knock
google ads um i really believe that most
companies and most startups and
businesses should probably look to
google ads before they come to linkedin
and because exactly what you said i mean
we run a linkedin ads agency so
there are people searching almost daily
for
linkedin ads agency linkedin ads company
a company to run my linkedin ads um and
showing up for those people because
they're actively searching for the exact
solution that you sell that is probably
the best place to step in front of
traffic whereas
running carving out a cold channel they
haven't asked for you you don't know
that they're searching for it you don't
necessarily you know have any intent
signals that they need it or are
interested in it you're building a group
of people that are most likely to have a
need putting ads that hopefully get
their attention then tracking those
intent signals by people that visited
your website and meet that criteria and
retargeting them but it's a longer
funnel it costs you know more money but
again i would come back to
pay go to google
target the people that are searching for
exactly what you do and then retarget
them on linkedin but yeah it's
definitely a different animal google
versus cold linkedin channel and
google's a great place to start
yeah that's fair i suppose the one
advantage about linkedin is that you've
got all the additional data that you
don't have with google so you've got
which you can share better than i can
but in terms of what you can leverage
from real specific buyer personas so
perhaps you're going after i don't know
marketing directors cmos
companies with 200 plus staff
in tech organization perhaps you're
going after sas organizations in the us
in certain states so you can really
drill down to that whereas google you're
literally opening it up to your target
search terms
and on the basis that your website then
shows if you've done your seo or if
you've done your google ads so it's a
lot broader right
less drilled in
yeah and i would say google i mean
google has its limits because it's based
on the search volume of people that are
searching for that in the you know
geographies that you serve so i would
say
you know usually you would start there
harness and capture the demand that's
already out there and then you know
carving out cold channels is kind of
about
creating that demand that and they again
they'll play off each other like the
linkedin ads that i run that get people
thinking about linkedin ads they then
take to google and type in best linkedin
ads agencies or best google ad agency
and then you know you'd want to show up
um there to capture that demand that
your cold ads generated so it also works
uh in reverse that way
yeah yeah yeah so back and forth
and on that note are there any other
things that a company should look to
have in place
as well before they kick off a linkedin
campaign
yeah the the biggest one would be and i
think i've been i've been harping on
this a lot lately on linkedin is your
your tracking and and retargeting pixels
in your conversion tracking
um i i've seen even really big companies
who have really healthy spend
you know they're spending ten thousand
dollars or fifteen thousand dollars a
month on
on linkedin and they don't have maybe
they have the pixel um because that
would be step one you want the linkedin
insights tag installed on your website
and it's just you know like the facebook
pixel or the google tag it lets you see
the traffic that's coming to your
website and the the greatest thing about
these pixels is it sees all the traffic
so you could then segment and say you
know i want to retarget all my website
traffic um with linkedin ads or
preferably all my website traffic that
had that still meets these criteria
position title seniority level company
size geography so qualified website
traffic you could segment it and then
you could even put it into low buckets
30-day website traffic
90-day 180-day and you could have
different ads that coincide with you
know the different buckets um and so i
would say yeah have to have your
tracking in place create your custom
audiences so that they're collecting
data and then get proper conversion
tracking because the other huge thing i
see is
i would say
the vast vast vast majority of companies
even big global tech giants um
they're they're tracking you know form
fills and website visits but the more
the more down the funnel you can track
like if you can get
call booking tracked inside of your
linkedin ad console that's a game
changer because i can't tell you how
many times i've seen and it's kind of
back to the facebook thing the algorithm
optimizes for what you track so if
you're tracking form fills as your
conversion it's going to optimize to
that and it doesn't know
that you know this if campaign a has
10 form fills
and only one booked call it doesn't know
about the book called campaign b only
had five form fills but four booked
calls so if you're not tracking books
calls it's gonna optimize campaign a and
you're gonna be leaving a lot of money
on the table
um yeah so yeah if you can set up
tracking for call booking and even
tracking
for confirmed purchases and it's as
simple as having those people hit a url
on your website if you use calendar you
can do a url redirect on confirmation
that sends them to a thank you page on
your website
and maybe as part of your onboarding
process for new clients you have them
visit a certain you know welcome page or
we use like a sales page pay kickstart
that forwards them to a purchase
confirmed page on the website so on all
of our ad platforms we can track all
those different parts of the funnel um
and because again you don't know if
they're just time wasters booked calls
or if they're actually going to convert
so the further down the funnel you can
track the it's beautiful
yeah sound advice is something we see a
heck of a lot as well if we run if we're
taking over websites or google ad
campaigns or taking over seo campaigns
like you say some sites might be
spending thousands a month whether it's
on ads whether it's on seo linkedin ads
whatever and then you realize you get
under the bonnet of the website and
they're not actually tracking anything
i've seen sites where they haven't
tracked anything that's like well how
many leads is this producing per month
and what leads to those are they
converting into one business they're
like i'm not sure the last developer
didn't do it for us so like you say
getting those analytics in place
installing the tracking codes on the
back end of your site or getting your
web developer to do it and then making
sure you know exactly how many
calls that's converting into or how many
form fills or how many let's say canon
lee or chili piper demo request you're
getting and then from there how many of
those are then converting into close one
business so you can really understand
what the business case what the impact
is for this to justify the spend and
long term is is so crucial just getting
those basics into place so that's really
sound advice
so
with that said let's get a bit
actionable from the impactable man um
what are
some basics when it comes to actually
cracking on
setting up a linkedin campaign we've got
the foundations in place perhaps we're
running ads perhaps we're running seo
perhaps we've got a solid website that
we know can kind of build trust attract
our target audience and convert them
into demo requests or whatever we want
to do what are some of the first steps
to actually setting up a linkedin ads
campaign
the yeah the initial the initial step is
identifying your target demographic um
so again if you have other channels
running you your business has been
around a while you you have a better
idea of who that is that helps a lot
creating the right search group
um
setting setting up your conversion
tracking and your your pixels to make
sure you can do the retargeting that's
huge and then initially when you're when
you're setting up the the ads the whole
goal is to get their attention you put
your ads in front of your target
demographic who's most likely to have a
need and then you're tracking to see
who's interested what we see and most
people actually do that pretty well so i
feel like that that side doesn't need
the most attention the biggest thing
that i think within linkedin ads that
people don't do properly is a they
either aren't retargeting or b if they
are retargeting they don't have any
legitimate strategy behind it like i've
seen again global tech companies who
just move the move the ads that they're
using from cold and then put those ads
in front of the people as retargeting
which you know that overcomes the
objection of maybe now is there not the
right time let's just stay in front of
them okay cool it at least does that but
there's a whole plethora of other things
that you know objections that you need
to overcome that you can use retargeting
for so an actual strategy
that hopes to build trust
um you know overcome the main
frequently asked questions or objections
they have that build credibility um and
show them like the range so i think
building trust and credibility
um with retargeting is probably the
secret sauce that ninety percent of
companies are doing wrong yeah let's
drill down to this in a bit further and
perhaps even give some examples maybe of
your own company or other client
campaigns that you've done just in where
perhaps
you've used this specific ad with this
kind of text or headline to a cold
audience and to be clear a cold audience
is going to be someone scrolling
linkedin who's never ever seen or heard
of your brand or your company before so
they're seeing it for the very first
time and then perhaps some ads that
you've then retargeted with so we can
kind of share the differences how they
work and kind of what they do to the
prospect that's seeing them
i would say for for cold campaigns your
your first goal is to get the attention
of your of your potential prospect and
usually what works well for a lot of
companies is
i mean if it's if it's something that's
well known then a lot of times you you
just have to get on the radar and it
could just be a branded piece of you
know hey we're
number one web developers or whatever
like you can honestly just say what you
do or you can hit the main pain point
like tired of um you know your your
linkedin ads company overcharging you or
um or or some unique thing that that
peaks their interest like our an example
of a cold ad that we run
is um actually i used like an organic
post of of mine i have two main cold ads
that i run i one is um it was kind of
like a case study where it was like hey
this is how you run linkedin retargeting
and linkedin retargeting is where you
make all your money um and i and for a
lot of people that's kind of like a oh i
wonder you know if
our linkedin retargeting like has a
strategy or if
we're not even running linkedin or
targeting and my second cold ad is
literally it just says like
linkedin
ad agency i think or
linkedin white label ad agency it's just
this is what we do
if someone's curious about it um or has
been meaning to add on linkedin you know
they'll check it out and those are the
only two like cold ads we run but then
in the retargeting
we run we'll put and i think of you know
all the different people that you might
follow on linkedin especially like the
demand gen um type people who are
getting a lot of because i think of paid
ads as as kind of a guaranteed form of
delivery with content that you want to
make sure
certain people see so i use it as a way
of so these are prospects who who fit my
criteria they're i'm on their radar they
visited my site but maybe they're
visiting other competitors what can i
put in front of them and show them that
we'll tip the scales in our favor so we
put
ads that don't necessarily always look
like ads case studies
um client testimonials client success
stories um a press release like your
company in the news awards you want you
can put you know your team you can put
like ads that highlight who your team is
your backstory your passion like things
that
if you know basically a story you want
to tell them that should help separate
you from the other pack and and it's
different for every company um so i
would say those are the main ones that
would fit the mold but depending on what
assets you have or the company what you
think these prospects uh should see and
in our case you know it's uh it is case
studies testimonials um we also use a
lot of tongue-in-cheek um because we're
selling linkedin ads i i put ads that
say hey this is a retargeting ad do you
want to retarget your prospects as much
as we're retargeting you and we you know
use a variety of
um of ads and formats to stay in front
of them and basically the idea is yes i
wanted to do what you're doing to me but
for my prospects um so there's a way you
can show them too depending on what you
do
so in terms of actually going for the
conversion so many b2b companies that
run
ads ultimately are going to want
prospects to then book a demo or book a
consult call or whatever that next step
is that have us that brings on a sales
conversation to eventually
lead to one deal how early do we go in
for the demo request or consult request
should we be doing it from the cold ad
or should we be
running kind of cold ads to get click
throughs to our website to then retarget
and then prompt the demo or is there
like a perfect piece where then we go
for the the big ask and the demo request
or the console call request
and i don't know if there's a there's a
magic formula the the biggest thing is
each company kind of knows their sales
cycle ours is fairly short you know if
someone clicks i think because of we're
offering something that's well known
like linkedin ads isn't something that's
new in the world and neither is like
what you guys do seo web dev and so if
if they're if they're clicking and
they're interested
um
then you know you can hammer them pretty
hard probably in within 90 days um a lot
of other companies who have really long
sales cycles might want to take a 180
day you know six-month approach but
layer it but i would say i
i'm trying to think of my own campaign i
don't think i have very many ads
where it
goes in for the kill
my whole philosophy is kind of that
demand gen philosophy where
my you know if i targeted correctly
they're most likely to have a need and
then i do my retargeting strategy
correctly where i position myself as
either
the best option or the only option or
one of the top contenders if and when
they do have a need you know
i all of my ads don't have a
book a book a demo fell out this form it
basically sends them back to the website
um
because once they feel comfortable
and they want to move forward they go
back to the website and they book the
call from there um
and and that converts pretty well and i
would say
again this is probably something that a
lot of huge companies do poorly because
they're focused on generating leads
so they they put form fills
and lead generation forms in front of
prospects on the cold layer which is
really terrible because in my mind they
haven't even visited your website yet
they don't know you and then even the ad
you're putting in front of them doesn't
expose them to your website and your and
your your brand so
i i like to send the cold traffic to the
website because until they actually see
your see your brand get to know you a
little more like your chances of
converting are really slim and they and
then these big companies like okay well
if we can't have a form fill we're gonna
send them to this siloed landing page
that's just a digital form filled that
looks nothing like our website that
doesn't link to the website and i'm like
that's just as bad because like
at least like make it look like it's
part of the website have links to the
website so yeah they can get exposed to
the bigger brand because it's that the
whole object of the cold isn't to
convert it's to expose them to your
brand to show that they had some sign of
interest and then you go to work and
retargeting them um but yeah i i just
retarget them and i tell the story i
want to tell
and when they're ready
they um they come back and book the call
that way
got it so you raised an interesting
point and
even if you've been on linkedin for a
few hours or a few days just like you
say you'll probably see some b2b
companies saying look download our
latest guide on 10 tips to do this or
sign up for our webinar on the best way
to attack xyz um
and those are quick ways
or fairly quick ways to get leads in the
sense of emails names and emails
but are we saying that that's
probably a terrible idea and in fact we
should go for the long game like we've
just been discussing of
driving people to our site and then
retargeting them showing the value we
can bring to the table why we're geared
to helping their fix their issues their
pain points and then eventually going to
kind of guide them on our site and
getting that consult call or demo
request rather than going for
the marketing qualified leads the easy
the easy wins and then nurturing them
with a i don't know 20 email sequence or
sales rep giving them a call
i would say there's a there's a right
way to do lead gen forms in a wrong way
if if you're putting your checklist or
an ebook in front of them getting their
email and then passing that to a sales
rep to hound them
that's probably a bad route um
and a lot of startups who try to use the
legions don't even have the email
nurture sequence to even like work those
leads properly that they're getting they
just think they look at these big
companies and they think that's how
everyone else is doing it so they they
try to do it the same way the so i would
say completely no you shouldn't do
legion forms cold get them expose your
brand and if you're gonna use a lead gen
form in retargeting
don't consider that a lead and pass it
to your sales team
do
the right way to do it would be to have
an email nurturing sequence that
actually continues to add value like
that isn't just a checklist and then you
know pass it off it's
actual you know insights and
position yourself as an expert basically
another way to like nurture them because
one of the things i've been playing with
too
is
retargeting a retargeting campaign that
seeks to like cross promote your other
communities um okay so i just i i you
know they visited my website they knew
who i am let's have a campaign that you
know tries to push our
our newsletter that shows them our
youtube channel that shows them the
podcast
a i think that builds trust and
credibility because they see you know we
are experts we're sharing our opinion
here but then b
if they actually subscribe or joining
those communities then we can
organically nurture them over time um
and if email is one of those ways like
you have a newsletter that does that
then i think that's that's a legitimate
way to push um but yeah not the
not the old-school way for sure
yeah i suppose it's quite
looking at it from a different angle so
if someone's tuning into this and
thinking oh that sounds all well and
good but i know the linkedin cost per
click is pretty high
and if i'm sending them to
a youtube channel or a podcast or like
you said email subscription
is that just a bit of
hope in the sense that they'll hopefully
get some value from this piece of media
youtube podcast whatever and then
six months down the line eight months
down the line when they actually need
your solution or they maybe know a
friend that needs your solution or
contact in their in organization
then in the hope that you're organized
your company comes to mind because
you've given them that value and then
they go to you is that what the is that
what the players were going for here
um i would i would say two things i
would say there is
it it i guess it depends on individual
buyers so if they are ready to buy
and they visited your website and they
already view you well
then they will join those communities
digest your information at a quicker
rate and i think it will
speed up the buyer journey for them
where they
you solidify in their mind that you are
the expert and they're more comfortable
with buying and then there's the buyers
who aren't ready to buy they do like you
they
they click with your brand they join
your community so in that case
your your content would just kind of
organically nurture them stay in front
of them so that way longer than probably
paid ads and way cheaper um because i do
think
i do think community building is
is currently
you know something that
it's a hot topic right now it's a bit of
a buzzword
it's it's it's not a quick win but
i do believe that it
is something that people should be
investing in it's it's hard to get
started it takes consistency strategy
but i i do believe in it so using payday
retargeting ads to build and cross
promote your communities i do think is a
decent strategy that people can try
it's almost like risk mitigation right
so it's it's like i often talk about on
the podcast and on linkedin if you're
chucking all your money into one or two
marketing channels if one of those
marketing channels takes a hit your
business is screwed so if you for
example if you're only doing google ads
and that's like 100 of where your
revenue comes from if google change the
goal posts or ban your industry or
likewise if you're perhaps only posting
on instagram or if instagram make it pay
to play you're literally screwed um your
businesses could go under in 24 hours
whereas like you say setting up
communities whether that's kind of
running a podcast running an email list
then having linkedin ads having google
ads having seo having your website
you've got six seven channels so if one
of them crashes overnight you've got
five or six other channels to kick in to
continue to build your audience
keep like
like if linkedin uh sends you a legal
cease and desist letter and tells you
that you need to change your name from
lincoln learn because it infringes on
their
copyright of linkedin learning and you
sell similar products that happened to
us they seized our they sent us the
official letter we had to change our
name they seized our linkedin company
page our linkedin ads account and that
hurt because we had tens of thousands of
dollars of spend we had a nice
retargeting audience that was producing
40 booked calls a month and then we had
to rebuild and it and that made me
realize how hard it is and how expensive
it is to build linkedin from scratch
because we had to start over and even
knowing the exact target the exact copy
the exact graphics the exact strategy
playbook that produces positive it still
took us
three to four months and
twenty thousand dollars worth of spend
probably to get back to where you know
last month we booked 38 calls from
linkedin and we're on track to book 50
calls from linkedin but
geez that was brutal um to rebuild and
then you realize there's a whole bunch
of other stuff at play like how many
companies so yeah if
if uh if you can diversify your
portfolio if you will of marketing
channels
um that's and i think i think community
is a big one for that and the other
thing is most people when they re-market
it's like a 90-day usually drop-off
window and then after that you know they
fall off um they fall off forever but if
in that 90-day window you got them to
join one of your other communities you
can
nurture them organically for free
essentially um indefinitely and i always
say this too like i you know i run a
paid ads agency but i don't hate on
organic because paid ads is x amount of
dollar for x amount of clicks that
should optimize to x amount of
conversions but it's a formula and it's
finite whereas organic gains momentum
every single month x amount of spend
actually gets x plus whatever you've
already accumulated and it grows every
month so it's worth investing in that
way
yeah i mean this conversation for me is
almost endless because then i'd say also
to also to think about your website and
like you say it's only like yeah five
percent at best you're going to get a
conversion rate so it's 95 of all your
traffic probably won't ever convert so
if you can like we were talking about
justin if you can have some useful
resources whether that's video guides
podcasts actual guides maybe you've got
a lead magnet that's really really
valuable to your target audience they
get their email and get them on your
list
and
all these kinds of bits and pieces just
to keep people engaged
so when they eventually do need your
help then you're the one that comes to
mind just give you that little edge on
your competitors and because
marketing is not easy not everything
works for every company like you say and
it can be a lot of money to get the
right strategy so just reducing your
risk with those kind of things
is smart um before we wrap things up
justin any other big no-nos any other
big things to avoid when it comes to
linkedin ads or anything tragic that
you've seen before that people should
avoid um
i mean like you said there's marketing
is marketing is complex and nothing is
in a silo by itself so
you you really have to have a holistic
picture of marketing so even though yes
i run a linkedin ads agency i will be
the first to tell you to look at your
other channels look invest in google ads
seo organic communities look at the
quality of your website because
ultimately i mean linked if you're if
your website isn't converting um you
know the best quality traffic in the
world that you send there is going to be
wasted sometimes the best thing you can
do with the extra budget you have isn't
for 10 000 more dollars into linkedin
it's trying to improve the conversion
rate of your landing page by one percent
you know that's a huge dramatic effect
so look at the whole the whole picture
you know your target demographic the
creatives you're using the the sources
that you're getting to your website how
you retarget the story you tell the
actual website in your process and um
and yeah make informed decisions with
with the whole picture and i really
would love for people to stop putting
stuff in such silos and comparing this
to that and instead asking how can this
work together how can this piece improve
that piece i think it's a much better
intelligent conversation to have about
marketing
nice one sir and with that i want to
thank you very much for coming on the
show sharing your expertise around
linkedin ads justin please do tell us
more about how everyone can tuning in
can learn from yourself get in touch
with your company and anything else
you'd like to share
uh yes so you can go to impactable.com
um like i said we do run a linkedin ads
agency that is our primary core focus we
also dabble in linkedin outreach which
was the the core thing we're founded on
i do have a podcast um the impactable
podcast that just goes over
linkedin ads advice we do have a youtube
channel but probably not gonna push that
it's not anything exciting yet
and of course i'm on linkedin justin
rowe uh founder and cmo of impeccable i
post um back to posting daily so it's
probably a decent one to follow for
linkedin ad marketing in general startup
life and like leadership topics
nice one sir we'll put all of those
links over at the show notes at
businessgrowth.marketing
and with that i want to thank you once
again cheers justin awesome thank you no
worries and as always if you enjoyed
today's episode be sure to give us a
rating on your podcast channel or click
subscribe on youtube it's very very much
appreciated and with that we should
catch you on the next episode cheers